PEP 788: Address feedback from second round (#4478)
python/peps: peps/pep-0788.rst

This proposal includes two new high-level threading APIs that intend to
replace :c:func:`PyGILState_Ensure` and :c:func:`PyGILState_Release`.

.. c:type:: PyThreadRef

    An opaque reference to a :term:`thread state`.

>     As of now, the interpreter will do nothing different for thread references,
>     but this may change in the future.

Reviewer: Different compared to what?

Should this be something like:
```suggestion
    In the initial implementation, holding a thread reference will
    not block finalization of threads or interpreters.
    This may change in the future.
```

Author: I was trying to go for "different compared to `PyThreadState`", but I think if we want to eventually change the distinction between the two, it's better to go with your wording. Thanks!
